today we get popping let's talk about
that good mythical morning Oscars are
this Sunday and there's no better way to
take in all that Hollywood glamour that
my shoveling fistfuls a popcorn into
your mouth and then spending the next
six hours trying to get that one stupid
piece out of your teeth until your gums
are bleeding but when it does come out
yeah the Oscar is notoriously run long
so you may actually need a couple bags
of popcorn but which bag should you have
lucky for you we're ranking them today
to find the best it's time for its
Orville Redenbacher better than pop
secret will choose the best popcorn and
the rest you can keep it
we're hitting that popcorn button on the
microwave and trying the classic butter
flavor of six different kinds of
microwave popcorn that's over
Redenbacher's skinny pop act 2 pop
secret jolly time and Newman's Own and
then we're gonna rank each microwave
popcorn on a scale of one to six as
follows horrible Redenbacher
you burnt mantle corn could be butter it
makes me corny baby and it's poppin all
right I'm hungry my first bag of popcorn
comes all the way from Brazil Indiana
where Orville Redenbacher was born in
1907 let's try this popcorn made by that
sweet man with the glasses now was the
guy in the commercials was it really him
or was it an actor I don't know do you
guys what I do know is that over-revved
Bakker Oh whoo red marker rod Walker he
died in a jacuzzi in 1995 man I wish I'd
died in a jacuzzi in 1995 I mean just
like I mean that's how I want a doc not
necessarily 1995 are you a popcorn
aficionado yeah okay well sign me up
well what is it what are you feeling it
is very like it's very crispy and it has
a good solid taste I just like popcorn
though so I don't I mean I mean I think
this is great there's nothing to
complain about
I'm gonna put it let you won't put it in
number three or number two just for
starters
it could be butter at 62 cent a bag
seems like pretty good deal
hey this week marks the one year
anniversary of the mythical society and
we got a special offer for those of you
who join during the month of February
any purchase of a third degree annual
plan will receive one of the four prior
quarterly collectible items your choice
while supplies last it could be your
very last chance ever to grab those
rhettandlink Chia heads that poster that
glow-in-the-dark shirt or that record
that we put out not to go in the dark
shirt the shirt that oh yeah I said the
wrong one the Sun activate that Sun that
could be even better
mythical Society calm check it out in
the month of February all right next up
we got a skinny pot and microwavable
popcorn let's get the skinny on this
popcorn now this is the most expensive
popcorn dollar 16 per bag whoa totally
different than Redenbacher there's
something sweet almost sweeter
um it's considered skinny because it has
no artificial flavors or preservatives
no GMO zero trans fat good source of
fiber well that's weird because corn by
definition is a GMO I'm staying out of
this one I mean come on y'all with the
GMO stuff it means nothing
corn is GMO you had to make corn from
something else just to have corn corn is
a genetically modified organism but
they're coming as skinny as if it's like
lower calorie or something that is
that's not necessarily true
um zero trans fat um I do not like this
and I'm a popcorn man as we've
established it's saltier and sweeter but
not as buttery it's not even close to
the Redenbacher not even close man cuz
this is buttery and he died in a jacuzzi
yeah that's points for that sweetness is
a little weird
so yeah I'd say put it in your bar lower
even though it's not burnt it's just bad
it's not burnt it's just oddly sweet now
we get to the cheapest popcorn we're
gonna be tasting today at 33 cents a bag
is act 2 butter popcorn no you may not
remember cuz I don't act 1
as a popcorn that came out in 1981 and
it had to be stored in the fridge
because it had real butter on it but
then in 84 the year we met they came out
with act 2 and said real butter
schmuck so act 1 doesn't exist anymore
all wrinkled
hmm I remember when I was a kid I'll go
to my nanny's house and they had I think
this is a big thing in the 70s you get
you get a popcorn popper but hers was
shaped like a covered wagon Jiffy Pop
and you would put the kernels in there
and it would the covered wagon jump up
and down my mom had the same thing yeah
it was a glass covered wagon
it was yeah did you I mean I just
remembered that a covered wagon thing
and there was oil in the bottom part
mm-hmm we got to get hold of one of them
covered wagons yeah we got to get a cup
of wagon popper y'all uh this tastes
parties this tastes cheap in old film it
might be as bad as skinny pop I think
it's worse I mean the skinny pot to me I
don't know something about it
I'm still on this little fence here
where I'm like oh I don't know if I like
the sweetness but this act - crap I mean
yeah it's the best value in popcorn if
you don't compare it to any other
popcorns skinny is actually better I've
tried every way except the way it would
work but listen skinny is still bad
friend I just tasted you the game but
but act 2 is worse Fran they're both bad
friend lop secret not only means a dad's
hidden skill is also popcorn it's a
secret you know about pop secret Pop's
got a secret classic butter taste now in
2015 pop singer became the official
popcorn of Disneyland Resort in Disney
World so this is not bad
79 cent of bag it's also in 2004 pop
secret sponsored the pop secret
microwave 400 NASCAR race the rockin
Rockingham Speedway mm-hmm you got our
hope popcorn race guys it's covered
wagons this is got a serious butter
thing happening
yeah I call that butter thing butter
flavor it's not surprising to me that
you've kind of thrown a curve ball into
the ranking system as you often do my
body just means that disagree with it by
liking skinny pop which is Horeb
definitively good this is better than
skinny pop I don't think it's better
than Orville because orbble let's put
Orville right here and we're gonna get
computer I don't wanna forget
Norville's right here need a marker
Orville well we need a sharpie it's
horrible
it's feel better it's a lighter and
crispier
it's not his buttery man pop secret is
more buttery I don't disagree with you
but the popcorn quality look we got a
sharpie put a war on this all right I
did it now or they don't think it's for
I really like the part the quality is
not even close the corn quality good
night it close it is really buttery this
tastes perfect man how can you not taste
that there's I'm not even paid by
Orville by the way you know it seems
like I am here's the thing about Orville
I would say that there is a there is a
corn flavor that is still part of the
process and with pop secret your it's
basically just butter and salt and and
that's my entire experience so we're a
green right yeah classic butter taste
second place all right good oh hello
there
can I interest you in a jolly time
that's usually what I say in my private
life
Oh - who - my woman she asked if she
wants a jolly time and I just mean it
what he says yeah you want to share it
you want to share a metal tin of popcorn
because that's what they were served in
in 1927 this is the oldest popcorn that
we're gonna be tasting invented in 1914
then Bob Hope endorsed it and then in
the 50s can you believe that Bob was a
big man very popular it's the only
microwave popcorn endorsed by Weight
Watchers what what's up with all these
endorsements they're seeking
endorsements from people yeah aim given
endorsements at races right we're not
cheap popcorn I try not to chomp really
hard cuz I don't want to get it nestled
in my teeth man okay can I tell you
something tell me something you know
what I'm having over here
no you're not you're having a jolly time
I'm not having an ungodly time are you
you think this is better than pop seeker
I didn't say that I'm coming back enjoy
top secret me and Bob Hope and the
representatives from Weight Watchers
it's the 50s where you know hmm skiing
in like we're like good word waterskiing
and we're like in a pyramid uh-huh
people cuz that's the kind of thing to
happen in 50 so yeah they're like people
this waterskiing there'll be women above
us and then we're holding up mm-hmm
why do we stop that I'm bringing the pop
secret down now we got to remember this
pop singer we got to put a PS on it put
a PS our science put the PS on it it's
salty I like it I like the name it looks
so generic though I mean this looks like
ration popcorn this is pop secret but
yeah PS right there see that not easy
guys what about horrible I know it's not
as good Orville oh man Orville is good
I love getting reintroduced to the
Redenbacher buck I know yeah he's not
moving
this is tough they taste equal you know
what I think I just discovered what top
secret is is that he also makes gentle
the only time they taste the same do
they not taste the same is it the same
popcorn is that the big pop secret
there's no discernible difference none I
can tell there's a slight difference in
color jolly time is a little bit
yellower they taste exactly the same so
do you prefer yellow that's really the
question I do because it makes me think
that I'm tasting a little bit more
butter okay we got two moving them all
right so we're gonna move act two down
we're gonna move skinny pop if I could
just move orbble to number one is that
too premature that's just too much
premature put jolly time at number two
putting those back there but isn't
complicated it's hard being us I mean
sitting here on the internet eatin
popcorn somebody's got to do it though
behind the face of every handsome man of
popcorn kernels covered in oil we're
finishing up with Newman's Own microwave
popcorn 100% of the profits go to
charity yes what that's how you do man
all righty oh you know this reminds me
of this is the popcorn equivalent of
in-and-out fries what do you what are
you meaning that it feels super just
naked like it feels like nobody did
anything to it it's like it's like
you're walking through a corn pasture
what's that called
cornfield cornfield yeah you're walking
through a cornfield and it's hot I'm
talking like real I like corn pasture
started getting say that you're walking
through a corn pasture and it is hot I'm
talking like real hot so hot that it
starts popping the corn off the cob corn
pasture hot and you're opening your
mouth and you get a feel oh just get a
little really yeah
it's hot out here you got one
who's hot in the passion burn I get that
but then I realize could use some salt
and some butter right it could use the
things that make it bad for me and
Newman's like no no no no no you guys
play and catch the corn with granddad
for granddad no hey let me catch some
corn my granddad look I do know look my
going lower huh you're going a little
out go high finally okay this is not
that great need salt I think that we're
putting this at the very above skinny
pot nope I like skinny pot better I'm
gonna stand by it somebody like sweet
pop if you like a little hint if you if
you get confused between kettle corn and
regular popcorn then you might like the
skinny pop if you want to make some sort
of thing so we're pushing that forward
don't worry about those then we're
pushing that forward in the Redenbacher
the definitive his death has been what's
it called when your death is like a
vengeful all right here's the thing
avenged in a pasture here's what we're
all gonna do tonight we're all gonna get
a big old bag of Orville Redenbacher
we're gonna get in the hot tub we're
gonna turn it all the way up and no
matter how fast your heart starts
beating you're gonna stay in there
against doctor's orders over 30 minutes
mm-hmm all gonna die
together in a Fiat corn pasture ha ha ha
we'll meet in the corn pasture there'll
be a guy eternity thank you for
subscribing and clicking that Bell you
know what time it is hi I'm Kat from
Ontario and I just woke up from a dream
where I turned into a bag of popcorn to
sneak into Rhett and Link's Show look
out guys it's time to spend the wheel of
mythicality good thing this isn't a bag
maybe we poured her out an ATAR click
the top link to watch this make popcorn
using a George
I mean grill and good mythical more
hanging about a little bit of
mythicality is gonna win sign up for a
mythical Society third degree annual
plan and receive a past quarterly item
of your choice while supplies last go to
mythical Society calm for details